Implementing ColorEffect on the new effects system (#1171)
flame-engine/flame: doc/effects.md

- [`SizeEffect.to`](#sizeeffectto)
- [`OpacityEffect`](#opacityeffect)
- [`RemoveEffect`](#removeeffect)

> - [`ColorEffect`](#coloreffect)

Reviewer: These are in alphabetical order, so yours should be first.

final effect = RemoveEffect(delay: 10.0);
```

> 

Reviewer: Two new lines before a new section (not like that everywhere in our docs yet, but this file has it).

Author: Any particular reason for that? Just out of curiosity

Reviewer: "My thinking is that we have 1 blank line between paragraphs, so we need to have 2 lines between sections in order to make the structure more visible. If not, it's hard to see section boundaries among the paragraphs.

This is similar to how in HTML we have larger margins around the <h2> / <h3> elements compared to the margins between the paragraphs." - Pasha

## ColorEffect

This effect will change the base color of the paint, causing the rendered component to be tinted by

> the provided color between a provided range.

Reviewer: Don't forget to mention that this effect doesn't mix if several of these effects are added to the same component.

Usage example:

```dart
myComponent.add(
  ColorEffect(
    const Color(0xFF00FF00),
    const Offset(0.0, 0.8),
    EffectController(duration: 1.5),
  ),
);
```

> The informed `Offset` will determine "how much" of the color will be applied to the base component,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Offset` argument will determine "how much" of the color that will be applied to the component,
```

> on this example the effect will start with 0% and will go up to 80%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this example the effect will start with 0% and will go up to 80%.
```
